Sitting down for a melbterview with correspondent Melkenzie Maby on a rare day off from melbteaching, Mrew Delby is his usual, snaky self.
“Look at that yooooooge statue of me in the center of the quad,” he says, gesturing to a yuge statue of himself in the center of the quad. “Isn’t that an amazing show of devotion from my many plebeian subjects? It’s been a lot of FON.”
It’s been three hundred fifty some-odd years since Maby last sat down with King Delby (in his previous incarnation), and in that melbgap, a lot has changed. Fire has been invented [citation needed]. Common Core has been implemented in California schools. And, most importantly of all, King Delby has disguised himself as Mrew Delby, a responsible high school chemistry teacher and melbsidential hopeful for the 2016 melblection season.
But Mrew Delby sees only what he wants to see: a world ready for his guidance and melbdership, ready for Melpotism and a ferrous-fisted rule.
“It is,” he tells Maby, “the melbiest story in drewlitics.”
His fans view him as a 114.5°-talking savior, while his critics have all been executed for expressing the blasphmelbous delusions that they call “thoughts.” Delby’s own opinion on the topic is much more nuanced. “I think I’m somewhat different. I’m a much snakier person than people would think, to see me in my human form,” he says. “On the one scale, you might see that as bad. But on the other scale, you don’t want all of your subjects to know you that well.”
“I think it’s necessary to instill a little bit of fear in my subjects in order to keep them in line,” he continues. “They need to remember that A = abc here, and that they need to follow the melbrules. That’s why I’ve created a perfect system of ambiguous test questions and conveniently placed typos to endanger the grades of even the most drewvoted subjects.”
Close associates of the king, however, see him less as an unapproachable leader and more as a relatably snaky character. “I think he’s misunderstood. I think people don’t see the pains he goes through to ensure the safety of his kingdom, from the very edges of the Hammock Lands to the heart of the Eason Island,” dog Mob Belby remarks. “It really says a lot about his character that he is willing to listen to the opinions of his serfs and use them to guide him in choosing which people to eat and which to spare for another day.”
But some of Delby’s subjects have a very different story to tell. Plebeian and anonymous Chen discloses some inside information: “I really don’t think the king is treating all of his subordinates equally,” Chen asserts. “It’s really very disheartening to see that after a major test, the curve he applies resembles that of a polyprotic acid titration in that it seems to be a random number generator that drops your score by fifteen to twenty-five percent. It really does. I’m not sure he has our best melbterests at heart,” Chen added, shortly before being led away to the door from which no melbstudent has ever returned.
But regardless of whether King Delby’s true self more closely aligns with the viewpoint of his close associates or that of his subjects, one thing is for certain: King Delby, with his terrifying melbtelligence and competent classroom drewtrol, is our first and best choice for the office of melbsident.
